# Studied Alarms in Dᴀᴄ

(The source code of Dᴀᴄ will be available upon the acceptance of the paper)

- [Studied Alarms in Dᴀᴄ](#studied-alarms-in-dᴀᴄ)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Locating Delta Alarms](#locating-delta-alarms)
  - [Analyzer-C (Analyzer)](#analyzer-c-analyzer)
  - [CodeChecker (Clang)](#codechecker-clang)
  - [ReportDiff (Infer)](#reportdiff-infer)

This repo contains all studied data on delta alarms of three applications of three analyzers. Here is the directory structure for your reference:


```bash
- Studied Alarms.xlsx            # The delta alarm information provided by three classifiers
- alarms                         # The raw data of all alarms generated by static analyzers
  |- openssl-1.1.0l-clang.json   # <project-ver-analyzername>.json
  |- ...
  |- openssl-1.1.0l-analyzer     # <project-ver>-analyzer includes Analyzer's alarms
     |- index.html               # The entrance to Analyzer's alarm list.
     |- ...
- sources                        # The source archives of each project at different versions
  |- ...
```

# Prerequisites

To examine alarms, you need to unarchive the alarm archives under the `sources` directory. To better do a text search, you might need a powerful text editor like Visual Studio Code or the one you favor.

# Locating Delta Alarms
Here is the instructions of linking studied data alarms in the spreadsheet to raw data. To continue, please open `Studied Alarms.xlsx` using Microsoft Excel.

## Analyzer-C (Analyzer)
Navigate to the worksheet `Analyzer-C`. To examine the details of an alarm, find alarm in the row `report` in the form of a hash id like `a6b653f3d2`. Then go to Analyzer's alarm directory and do global text search under this directory. You might need an editor like Visual Studio Code that supports searching content of all files a directory.

For example, if you find the hash id is present at `js/2.js`, please open `<project-ver>-analyzer/html/2.html` to view the alarm in details.

## CodeChecker (Clang)
Navigate to the worksheet `CodeChecker`. To examine the details of an alarm, find alarm url in the row `report` in the form of an url begin with `localhost`. Find the `report-hash=<hash>` part, and `<hash>` is the hash of the alarm. You might need an editor like Visual Studio Code that supports searching content of all files a directory.

For example, if you find the hash id is present at `openssl-1.1.0l-clang.json`, please open it by an editor to view the alarm in details. You might use the key `startLine` and `filePath` to locate the source code of the alarm under the source code directory.

## ReportDiff (Infer)
The alarms are already converted CodeChecker format. Therefore, the instruction is similar to [CodeChecker (Clang)](#codechecker-clang).